**Introduction**

A message to send or received from a device.When working with text messages it is important to make the distinction between a "Reply" and a "Response".
- Reply: A reply is a Text Message that is a Reply to another text message. For example: A text message is sent to a device and the device replies with a text message of it's own.
- Response: A response is a predefined ("canned") response within a text message. For example: A text message is sent to a device with a number of canned responses to reply with (Yes, No, Maybe). One of those responses is selected by the driver and is the message of the Reply from the device.

**Properties**

## ActiveFrom

The date and time the text message is active from.

## ActiveTo

The date and time the text message is active to.

## Delivered

The date and time the message was delivered. Default [MaxDate].

## Device

The[Device](../Device/index.md)the message was sent to. Default [Null].

## Id

The unique identifier for the specific[Entity](../Entity/index.md)object in the Geotab system. See[Id](../Id/index.md).

## IsDirectionToVehicle

If message is going to or from vehicle.

## MarkedReadBy

The[User](../User/index.md)who read the message or null if the message has not been read.

## MessageContent

The message content. A basic message can be sent via a[TextContent](../TextContent/index.md)or a message with predefined ("canned") responses by a[CannedResponseContent](../CannedResponseContent/index.md)or a series of[LocationContent](../LocationContent/index.md)comprising a route.

## ParentMessage

The text message that this is the reply to. Only a reply message will have a parent.

## Read

The date and time the message was read or null if the message has not been read.

## Recipient

The[User](../User/index.md)the message was sent to. Default [Null].

## ReplyMessage

The text message reply to this message. A text message should only have one reply. (Should not reply to a reply). Default [Null]

## Sent

The date and time the message was sent. Default [MaxDate].

## User

The[User](../User/index.md)that the message was sent from or null. If the message was sent from a device or was generated by the system the user property will be null. Default [Null].

## Version

The version of the entity.

**Rate limits**

| Method | Description | Limit | Period | Status |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |

| Get | Limit of 99999 Get requests per 1s. | 99999 | 1s | Active |
| Set | Limit of 99999 Set requests per 1s. | 99999 | 1s | Active |
| Add | Limit of 99999 Add requests per 1s. | 99999 | 1s | Active |
| Remove | Limit of 99999 Remove requests per 1s. | 99999 | 1s | Active |
| GetCountOf | Limit of 99999 GetCountOf requests per 1s. | 99999 | 1s | Active |
| GetFeed | Limit of 99999 GetFeed requests per 1s. | 99999 | 1s | Active |

**Pagination**

## Results limit

5000

## Supported sort

[SortBy Id](../SortById/index.md)

[SortBy Date](../SortByDate/index.md) sorts by the TextMessage.Sent property.

**Timeout Limit**

| Method | Description | Limit | Status |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

| GetFeed | Timeout of 180 seconds for GetFeed per request. | 180 | Active |