**Introduction**

This is the primary method used to sync data from the MyGeotab system for example all the GPS positions. The following entities are currently supported and must be set in the typeName.See[AnnotationLog](../../objects/AnnotationLog/index.md)and[AnnotationLogSearch](../../objects/AnnotationLogSearch/index.md)for Annotation Log related parameters.See[Audit](../../objects/Audit/index.md)and[AuditSearch](../../objects/AuditSearch/index.md)to provide a fromDate from which to seed the feed.See[ChargeEvent](../../objects/ChargeEvent/index.md)and[ChargeEventSearch](../../objects/ChargeEventSearch/index.md)for Charge Event related parameters.See[CustomData](../../objects/CustomData/index.md)and[CustomDataSearch](../../objects/CustomDataSearch/index.md)for Custom Data related parameters.See[DebugData](../../objects/DebugData/index.md)and[DebugDataSearch](../../objects/DebugDataSearch/index.md)for Debug Data related parameters.See[Device](../../objects/Device/index.md)*search not supported. Maximum results: 5,000.See[DeviceShare](../../objects/DeviceShare/index.md)*search not supported.See[DeviceStatusInfo](../../objects/DeviceStatusInfo/index.md)*search not supported other than[DeviceStatusInfoSearch](../../objects/DeviceStatusInfoSearch/index.md). Diagnostics property.See[Diagnostic](../../objects/Diagnostic/index.md)*search not supported.See[DriverChange](../../objects/DriverChange/index.md)and[DriverChangeSearch](../../objects/DriverChangeSearch/index.md)to provide a fromDate from which to seed the feed.See[DutyStatusLog](../../objects/DutyStatusLog/index.md)and[DutyStatusLogSearch](../../objects/DutyStatusLogSearch/index.md)for Duty Status Log related parameters.See[DVIRLog](../../objects/DVIRLog/index.md)and[DVIRLogSearch](../../objects/DVIRLogSearch/index.md)for DVIR Log related parameters.See[EmissionComplianceEvent](../../objects/EmissionComplianceEvent/index.md)and[EmissionComplianceEventSearch](../../objects/EmissionComplianceEventSearch/index.md)for Emission Compliance Event related parameters.See[EmissionVehicleEnrollment](../../objects/EmissionVehicleEnrollment/index.md)and[EmissionVehicleEnrollmentSearch](../../objects/EmissionVehicleEnrollmentSearch/index.md)for Emission Vehicle Enrollment related parameters.See[ExceptionEvent](../../objects/ExceptionEvent/index.md)and[ExceptionEventSearch](../../objects/ExceptionEventSearch/index.md)for Exception Event related parameters.See[FailureMode](../../objects/FailureMode/index.md)*search not supported.See[FaultData](../../objects/FaultData/index.md)and[FaultDataSearch](../../objects/FaultDataSearch/index.md)for Fault Data related parameters.See[FillUp](../../objects/FillUp/index.md)and[FillUpSearch](../../objects/FillUpSearch/index.md)for Fill Up related parameters. Maximum results: 10,000.See[FuelTaxDetail](../../objects/FuelTaxDetail/index.md)and[FuelTaxDetailSearch](../../objects/FuelTaxDetailSearch/index.md)for Fuel Tax Detail related parameters.See[FuelUsed](../../objects/FuelUsed/index.md)and[FuelUsedSearch](../../objects/FuelUsedSearch/index.md)for Fuel Used related parameters.See[FuelAndEnergyUsed](../../objects/FuelAndEnergyUsed/index.md)and[FuelAndEnergyUsedSearch](../../objects/FuelAndEnergyUsedSearch/index.md)for Fuel and Energy Used related parameters.See[IoxAddOn](../../objects/IoxAddOn/index.md)and[IoxAddOnSearch](../../objects/IoxAddOnSearch/index.md)for Iox Add-On related parameters.See[LogRecord](../../objects/LogRecord/index.md)and[LogRecordSearch](../../objects/LogRecordSearch/index.md)for Log Record related parameters.See[MediaFile](../../objects/MediaFile/index.md)*search not supported. Maximum results: 10,000.See[Route](../../objects/Route/index.md)and[RouteSearch](../../objects/RouteSearch/index.md)to provide a fromDate from which to seed the feed. Maximum results: 10,000.See[Rule](../../objects/Rule/index.md)(including ZoneStop[ExceptionRuleBaseType](../../objects/ExceptionRuleBaseType/index.md)) *search not supported. Maximum results: 10,000.See[ShipmentLog](../../objects/ShipmentLog/index.md)and[ShipmentLogSearch](../../objects/ShipmentLogSearch/index.md)for Shipment Log related parameters.See[StatusData](../../objects/StatusData/index.md)*search not supported.See[TextMessage](../../objects/TextMessage/index.md)and[TextMessageSearch](../../objects/TextMessageSearch/index.md)to provide a fromDate from which to seed the feed.See[Trailer](../../objects/Trailer/index.md)*search not supported.See[TachographDataFile](../../objects/TachographDataFile/index.md)and[TachographDataFileSearch](../../objects/TachographDataFileSearch/index.md)to provide a user, device, type or from timestamp date to seed the feed.See[TrailerAttachment](../../objects/TrailerAttachment/index.md)and[TrailerAttachmentSearch](../../objects/TrailerAttachmentSearch/index.md)for Trailer Attachment related parameters.See[Trip](../../objects/Trip/index.md)and[TripSearch](../../objects/TripSearch/index.md)for Trip related parameters.See[User](../../objects/User/index.md)(including[Driver](../../objects/Driver/index.md)) *search not supported. Maximum results: 5,000.See[Zone](../../objects/Zone/index.md)*search not supported. Maximum results: 10,000.This call is designed to allow incremental updates by returning a[FeedResult](../../objects/FeedResult/index.md)which contains the last version from the set of data returned. This return version is then used as the fromVersion argument for the next call. This guarantees that no changes in the data can be missed and that all data is consistently returned. It is important to understand that this feed call only returns changes in the data; so that at least one change must be received, otherwise the state is considered unknown. This call would typically be made every minute or more, to keep the data near real-time and up to date. Provide search parameters to limit the scope of the data being returned. In some rare circumstances old data in the system can be modified. If this happens, that old data is resent (with the changes) as it will have a newer version. In your design you must consider this.It may be required to provide an entity search using from date to "back-fill" or "seed" data from a date in the past. Providing a from date guarantees that the feed will start at a version with all entities that have a date greater than or equal to the date provided. However, it is possible that the feed will return entities before the provided date. Searching using from date should be used independent of fromVersion and only on the first request.

**Parameters**

## credentials

The user's Geotab login[Credentials](../../objects/Credentials/index.md).

## fromVersion

Last retrieved version. All new data that has arrived after this version will be returned in this call, up to a maximum of resultsLimit data records. The[FeedResult](../../objects/FeedResult/index.md)returned by the feed method will contain the highest version for subsequent calls. When starting a new feed, if this value is not provided, the call will return only the toVersion (last version in the system). The start date can be specified in the search argument.

## propertySelector

The[PropertySelector](../../objects/PropertySelector/index.md)used to limit the[Entity](../../objects/Entity/index.md)properties retrieved from the server. >> Beta: not supported by all types.

## resultsLimit

The maximum number of records to return. The maximum value is 50,000 unless otherwise stated above, such as for User, Route, etc. If resultsLimit is not specified, the maximum value is used by default.

## search

The search object for the type of data to return. The properties of this object will be used to filter returned data. Providing a search parameter can have performance implications similar to using the Get method. See the type related search objects for more details.

## typeName

Identifies the type of entity that is being passed to the next parameter. For example,[Device](../../objects/Device/index.md).

**Return value**

A[FeedResult](../../objects/FeedResult/index.md)containing a list of all available data and the last version in the set returned by this call.

**Code samples**